{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Particle capture by synthetic vegetation data repository read me\
\
Created by Kristen Fauria September 2014\
\
LISSTRawDataASC - This folder contains raw particle concentration measurements taken by the LISST 100X during flume experiments. Individual files are organized according to experiment number (Table 1 of Fauria et al. for experimental descriptions). Columns within the .asc files are organized according to LISST bin size (32 total). See LISST manual for description of column labels.\
\
LISSTDataProcessedviaAndrews2010 - This folder contains raw LISST data that has been processed according to the Matlab routines in Andrews et al. (2010). Processed data from this folder was used in for the analysis in Fauria et al. \
\
FittedKValues.mat - This .mat file contains the fitted K values, initial particle concentrations, and R^2 values for the first order model fit. The first column in Vol* and Num* refers to the volume (uL/L) and number initial particle concentration, respectively.  The second columns refer to the particle decay constant, k, fit to the raw LISST data (Equation 2, Fauria et al.). Rows 1 through 32 refer to the particle bin numbers (1:32). \
GOF variables (cell format) gives the goodness of fit of the particle decay models to the data where the five values in each cell refer to the sum of square due to error, R-squared (coefficient of determination), degrees of freedom, in the error, Degree-of-freedom adjusted coefficient of determination, and Root mean squared error (standard error), respectively. \
\
ANOVAData.csv - This .csv file includes all collected and processed experimental data used in the ANOVAs and figure generation in the manuscript. Every data point (distinct k value/experimental treatment separated by bin size) is represented by a row. Different experimental parameters are listed  in the column headers. \
\
Please contact Kristen Fauria: kfauria@berkeley.edu with additional questions or for the code used in the data processing. }